Update branded terms style guide (#162)
sigstore/docs: content/en/contributing.md

- Who’s your audience? They’re a wide mix of readers with different levels of know-how. Good, accessible website content tends to keep things simple and more entry level rather than diving straight in at the deep end.

> - Branded terms. Sigstore, Cosign, Fulcio, Rekor, Gitsign, and Policy Controller all get capitalized. Making sure this stays consistent helps them feel more established and long-lasting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Branded terms. Sigstore, Cosign, Fulcio, Rekor, and Gitsign are title case. Meanwhile, `policy-controller` is all lower-case with a hyphen. Keeping these consistent establishes the branding and can prevent confusion.
```
